Fix binding generator part 1 (#191)
cca-io/rescript-material-ui: tools/binding-generator/README.md

> # ReScript Mui Binding Generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ReScript MUI Binding Generator
```

This library generates bindings for

> [material-ui](https://material-ui.com/). It's automatically generated by an adaption of [reason-rt-binding-generator](https://github.com/astrada/reason-rt-binding-generator) (created by [astrada](https://github.com/astrada)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MUI](https://mui.com/). It's automatically generated by an adaption of [reason-rt-binding-generator](https://github.com/astrada/reason-rt-binding-generator) (created by [astrada](https://github.com/astrada)).
```
